update Upgrade command per --tag string option (#430)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/cliCommands.md

This command does all the heavy-lifting of upgrading to a new release for you.

> Besides upgrading to a new stable release, you can use this command to upgrade to either of our unstable releases: `canary` and `rc`, or you can upgrade to a specific release version. A canary release is published to npm every time a branch is merged to master, and when we're getting close to a new release, we publish release candidates.

Author: ```suggestion
Besides upgrading to a new stable release, you can use this command to upgrade to either of our unstable releases, `canary` and `rc`, or you can upgrade to a specific release version. 

A canary release is published to npm every time a PR is merged to the `main` branch, and when we're getting close to a new release, we publish release candidates.
```
